update sample job to reflect changes to background jobs (#1549)
archivesspace/archivesspace: plugins/jobs_example/README.md

of times, and log the fact. It can also be canceled, and can
report its success.

It is intended to demonstrate implementation for adding a job
type from a plugin.

## Files included
- **frontend/views/slow_nothing_job/\_form.html.erb**: This is
an example of how to create a form for your job which you will
need to do if your job requires any parameters
- **frontend/assets/javascripts/slow_nothing.js**: Gives an
example of how to apply javascript to your job form in case it
has any moving elements
- **backend/job_runners/slow_nothing_runner.rb**: Implements the
functionality of the job in the run method

## Changes for v2.6.0 and up
Prior to v2.6.0 form inputs parameters specific to a job type
were named as follows:

*name_of_job_type*\_job[*name_of_parameter*]

> For v2.6.0 and up they must in stead be named as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For v2.6.0 and up they must instead be named as follows:
```
